samples(icon): add icon samples (#136)
IgniteUI/igniteui-wc-examples: samples/layouts/icon/sizing/ReadMe.md

<!-- NOTE: do not change this file because it's auto re-generated from: -->
<!-- https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-wc-examples/tree/vnext/templates/browser/sample/ReadMe.md -->

> This folder contains implementation of Web Components application with example of Radio Button using [Radio Button](https://infragistics.com/webcomponentssite/components/general-getting-started.html) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains implementation of Web Components application with example of Icon using [Icon](https://infragistics.com/webcomponentssite/components/general-getting-started.html) component.
```

        </a>
        <a target="_blank" href="https://www.infragistics.com/webcomponents-demos/samples/charts/category-chart-axis-options" rel="noopener noreferrer">
            <img height="40px" style="border-radius: 0rem; max-width: 100%;" alt="Run Sample" src="https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-blazor-examples/raw/vnext/templates/sample/images/button-run.png"/>
        </a>
        <a target="_blank" href="https://codesandbox.io/s/github/IgniteUI/igniteui-wc-examples/tree/master/samples/charts/category-chart/axis-options?fontsize=14&hidenavigation=1&theme=dark&view=preview&file=/src/{SampleFile}" rel="noopener noreferrer">
            <img height="40px" style="border-radius: 0rem; max-width: 100%;" alt="Run Sample" src="https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-blazor-examples/raw/vnext/templates/sample/images/button-sandbox.png"/>
        </a>
    </body>
</html>

## Instructions

To set up this project locally, execute these commands:

```
git clone https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-wc-examples.git
cd ./igniteui-wc-examples

> cd ../samples/inputs/input/radio-group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd ../samples/inputs/icon/sizing
```
